Title Screen: Election Day
Start New game
Starting area: Indian(ish) semi-agra town - eastern setting


The game starts with an animation of various activities in your village: fishing, farming, trading. 
The intro shows how the mayor recently retired to pursue corruption (temporary - maybe game hunting or something like that)
and the town is now seeking a new leader.

As a recently successful aquaponics farmer, you've gained some popularity in town and some have suggested that you might 
be a young rising political star with your charm and ease in talkign to people.  However, most don't know you, and you have to 
gain enough public exposure to win the general election through marketing, face to face meetings, canvassing, creating a team for your campaign
and engaging the other candidates via debates.

In order to win the election, you must know a lot about your town, what issues are important to them, how many care about those issues, 
where they congregate, and what news sources they read. You can learn by reading the news, talking to people, spying on conversations

Activities:

walking
talking
buying 
selling
planting signs - cost resources
holding rallies - cost resources - pick times that might appeal to your base
holding debates  - cost resources - pick times that might appeal to your base
deal with municipal bureaucracy - getting a permit for holding rally/debate involves significant time and planning and scheduling.  
You can also bribe an official to cancel another event. You risk this getting leaked to the public.  You can run a corrupt campaign,
but you may have to pay off news papers or journalists to be on your side. Or convince them that you are good for the town.

talking to journalists
  
  
Priorities of Implementation:

1) Dialog 
   Each elector can be assigned a dialog object.  This dialog object contains text of their interaction. 
   	XML file with the dialog the candidate can say to this person, and responses from the elector to the candidate#
   	
   	update: dialog now works - you can create a dialog tree for each towns person - graphics need improvement. Need better text wrapping
   	
2) Towns people locations configuration, animations, paths,  

3) Day Night cycle - how many days is game? I'd say 40 days. Day/night cycle should take 1 hour. 

4)   	
   	
   	
   	  